Liam McMains
    Wrote the frontend application using React, Redux, and Material UI.
    Helped out with some of the backend along with the SQL statements.
    Designed the frontend architecture and pages.
    Interfaced with the backend api endpoints to get the whole application running smoothly.
    Co-authored general documentation and setup for the project.
    Coordinated the api schema between the backend and frontend to ensure all the correct endpoints were created.
    Used a custom UI library to create a modern, performant, minimalistic user interface.
    Implemented live search so records update automatically as you search for books or loans.
    Extras:
        Made small edits to SQL schema in the case of any issues.
        Helped facilitate good communcation and timelines between team members.


Seth Rayley
    Wrote SQL statements for web application operations.
    Wrote user guide for practical web application use.
    Wrote the majority of the backend code.
    Planned the backend architecture and how the endpoints would be used by the frontend.
    Helped debug any backend related issues and tested the frontend to backend integration.
    Extras:
        Was very active in planning and researching how this project was to be implemented.
        Helped with testing and troubleshooting application deployments.
        Helped facilitate good communcation and timelines between team members.


Daniel Glass
    Setup database to work with our dataset (setting character encoding).
    Created all the tables necessary for storing the data.
    Created Python script to analyze and normalize data in the provided CSV.
    Created a Python script to insert all records in their respective tables.
    Generated MySQL dumps from the filled database.
    Wrote the design document.
    Extra:
        Set up cascades to manage database (partially disabled for simpler use)
        Designed the database to the extent of variable types and sizes based on outlier field values.
        Helped facilitate good communcation and timelines between team members.


Umar Kazi
    


